Code of Conduct
###############

:date: 2012-12-09 19:00
:tags: news
:category: posts
:author: PySprings


PySprings is a community intended for networking and collaboration in the larger
developer community in the Colorado Springs area.

We value the participation of each member of the Python community and want all
attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all
attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees at all
PySprings events.

To make clear what is expected, any person attending a PySprings event or
participating on a PySprings web site are required to conform to the following
Code of Conduct.

The Short Version
-----------------

PySprings is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of
participants in any form.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any venue, including talks.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave
professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary
jokes are not appropriate for PySprings.

Attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave an event or stop
participating in future PySprings events at the sole discretion of the
conference organizers.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.

The Longer Version
------------------

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events,
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that sexist, racist, and other
exclusionary jokes can be offensive to those around you. Excessive swearing and
offensive jokes are not appropriate for PySprings.

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the
group leadership may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning
the offender or expulsion from the group.

Contact Information
-------------------

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact Tim or Ryan via email (pysprings at pysprings
dot org) or in person.

We will be happy to help participants contact venue security (if it exists) or local law
enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment
to feel safe at any PySprings event. We value your attendance.

License
-------

This Code of Conduct was adapted from the `PyCon US 2012 Code of Conduct
<http://us.pycon.org/2012/codeofconduct/>`_ and is licensed under a `Creative
Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/>`_.

